You must make a WEATHER-APP! The app, when it starts, MUST SHOW a map containing the location of the iOS device in the middle. It must be possible, by pinching, to zoom in and out on the map. When you "click" on the map, YOU MUST find the GPS coordinates of your click. Using Wunderground weather (http://www.wunderground.com) you need to get weather data for this coordinate. This data is returned in JSON. You need a table view TO show these weather data and you may WANT to design this using icons etc. JSON data can be you parse through the library SwiftyJSON (https://github.com/SwiftyJSON/SwiftyJSON) or you can do it in pure swift. The choice is yours. When you click on the MAP, save the coordinates so that the next time the app starts IT already know which weather data you need to download. It must be possible to name these saved coordinates such as "Aarhus" or "Paris". The app will show a list of these stored coordinates in a table view. When the app starts you need to make a call to Wunderground and update your weather data. It must also be possible to carry out this function manually. The coordinates you show on the map are shown by means of pins. The description of these pins can display may be a selection of relevant weather data for the particular coordinate.# Weather-App-projectYou must make a WEATHER-APP! The app, when it starts, MUST SHOW a map containing the location of the iOS device in the middle. It must be possible, by pinching, to zoom in and out on the map. When you "click" on the map, YOU MUST find the GPS coordinates of your click. Using Wunderground weather (http://www.wunderground.com) you need to get weather data for this coordinate. This data is returned in JSON. You need a table view TO show these weather data and you may WANT to design this using icons etc. JSON data can be you parse through the library SwiftyJSON (https://github.com/SwiftyJSON/SwiftyJSON) or you can do it in pure swift. The choice is yours. When you click on the MAP, save the coordinates so that the next time the app starts IT already know which weather data you need to download. It must be possible to name these saved coordinates such as "Aarhus" or "Paris". The app will show a list of these stored coordinates in a table view. When the app starts you need to make a call to Wunderground and update your weather data. It must also be possible to carry out this function manually. The coordinates you show on the map are shown by means of pins. The description of these pins can display may be a selection of relevant weather data for the particular coordinate.
